A man is leaving for a business trip and is worried his wife might be unfaithful, so he stops by a sex shop
> https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/7zxw2e/a_man_is_leaving_for_a_business_trip_and_is/

He explains his situation to the owner of the store and the owner smiles widely, "I have just the thing for you." From behind the counter she pulls out an old wooden box with strange writing scratched all over it. "I will let you rent this," she says. She opens the box and inside is a large, smooth dildo. "This is the Voodoo Dick. I will let you rent it for $1000." The man scoffs at her, "you can't be serious. It doesn't even look like it takes batteries," he starts for the door, "Thanks, but no thanks. Have a good day." As he is heading for the door the owner shouts, "VOODOO DICK, THE DOOR!" Suddenly the dildo flies out of its box and through the air, it hits the lock on the door and starts going at it like a jack hammer. The door is starting to bend from the pounding, and the owner shouts, "VOODOO DICK, YOUR BOX!" The magic dildo stops pounding and flies back into its box. The man is jaw dropped. "Wow!" He says smiling, "I'll take it!" The man is running late for his flight so he stops by his house and hands his wife the box. "When your feeling horny sweetheart just open this box and say, 'VOODOO DICK MY PUSSY!'" She starts to laugh but he assures her it will be great, and jumps into a cab to catch his flight. The next day she starts to feel the need, and although she feels foolish doing it she lays on the bed and opens the box. "VOODOO DICK, MY PUSSY!" BAM! The Voodoo Dick flies into action. It starts pounding away at her and within 2 minutes she already had 5 orgasms, a minute later she's up to 7. She grabs the dildo to pull it out, but it's to strong. It keeps pounding away, another orgasm...she pulls and pulls, but can't get it to stop. She tries calling her husband but he doesn't answer, boom, another orgasm. All she can think to do is go to the hospital to get it out. She makes her way to the car, another orgasm. She driving down the highway, having orgasm after orgasm, swerving all over the road. A trooper sees this car swerving every where and pulls her over. The officer walks up to her door, "Well you've obviously been drinking.." he says. "No officer," she's panting, "you don't under stand. I'm sober, I have a Voodoo Dick stuck in my pussy and I can't get it out." The officer leans back and laughs, "Voodoo Dick my ass!"

———

 A homeless man had a sign that said I can bet you I can make you laugh for $5 or else I’ll pay you. So somebody walked up and went for it. And the homeless man started with a joke. He asked the man how many wings does a rooster have, and the person replied and said two. Then he asked how many legs does a rooster have, and he said two, then the homeless man asked how many heads does a rooster have and he said one. Then the homeless man asked how many hairs does a cat have. And the man said he had no idea. The homeless man then says you sure know a lot about cock and nothing about pussy.

 ———

 